

Week 1:
Han:
Q: 
Given that this paper is particularly concerned with the relevance of theoretical concepts of learning on real-life situations, it is interesting how some of the students did not get to see all word-pairs during the 15 minutes they were studying. 
It's not a strange notion to assume that even if you have very little time, it is useful to see all learning material at least once and that it is not a very practical learning approach to only study a part of all word-pairs. 
The question then begs how the set-up of the experiment could be changed to allow the students to study all the material. 
An easy solution might be to increase the learning time, but this defeats the constraints of having an experimental set-up that is akin to real-life situations. 
Another suggestion may be to change the way that the program chooses to present words, that is, to make introducing new words a slightly higher priority to allow all material to be seen by the student. 
Or perhaps it can be said that not seeing all words and instead spending your time practicing only a part of the words is truly the most effective way to study. 
Which of these options seems more likely and would you change the experiment set-up knowing what you know now?

A:
This is a good question, and I think the answer depends on what the educational goals are. 
From a utilitarian perspective, you could argue that it's better to cover only 75% of the items and ensure that you remember all of them, than to cover 100% of the items and only remember half because you did not have enough time for each item. 
This is similar to how you might approach studying for a difficult exam. 
From a pedagogical viewpoint, on the other hand, it can be desirable to at least see all the items at some point.

Week 2:
Han:
Q:
It is mentioned several times in the paper how scaffolding is a long-standing tradition where teachers helps students learn material by giving hints. 
It is one of the two major arguments why the authors assume that giving hints in the experiments might improve performance on recall tests. 
However, this particular comparison between scaffolding and providing hints in a learning program reminds me of the research done regarding language acquisition in children (Kuhl et al 2003). 
Kuhl showed that children will improve on language when interacting with a language tutor, but will not improve when provided with pre-recorded videos of a language tutor. 
Even though the information is in essence the same, the way that information is provided makes the difference between being able to learn or not. 
In the Van den Broek paper three experiments are run in which different kinds of hints are given.

A major difference between the experiment set-up and scaffolding used by teachers is the individual interactions that take place while learning. 
Some students may not have any need for hints, while other might prefer a specific kind of hint or have more use for a different kind of hint for every individual word-pair. 
Such information can be found out when a teacher has a one-on-one interaction with a student or when a students has the ability to interact with an explanation (e.g. raising their hand when not understanding the hint they are given). 
How could this experiments set-up be changed to also account for the social interactions that are involved in scaffolding practices?

A:
Interesting point! 
I suppose you could create a more responsive experience by letting the student interact with the hint, 
e.g., allowing them to indicate whether it was helpful (some of this will come up again in the VanLehn (2006) paper we're reading later). 
What do you think might work?

Week 3:
Q:
A:

